[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a supernatural
horror film hereditary
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
annie and her family hold a funeral for
her mother who just died a few days ago
she delivers the eulogy at her mother's
service saying her mother seldom
expressed her real feelings to people
even her kids and annie as her eldest
daughter
knows nothing about who her friends were
or what she did
her mother loved to wear an oddly shaped
necklace she never took it off her neck
till the end of her life
and she passed it to annie and demanded
her wear too
when the son peter was born and his
mother asked several times
to let peter live with her not knowing
why
and he refused her erratic mother and
thought that she was indifferent toward
her in the past
and thus couldn't take good care of
peter however
when the little daughter charlie was
born and he felt obliged
and accepted her mother's request to
care for charlie
only one year before her mother's death
did the family reunite and live
together when arranging her mother's
belongings
annie finds a letter written to her by
her mother asking for forgiveness for
all the things she could not tell
and telling annie to try not to despair
her losses
as she'll see in the end that they were
worth it and that their sacrifice will
pale next to the rewards
annie is totally confused by the
so-called secrets sacrifice
and even the rewards mentioned in the
letter the letter sounds mysterious
just as her mother had been in the past
decades
her little daughter charlie is
introverted and even seems dull
the favorite place for her is the small
attic which she often visits
and locks herself up there all day long
she behaves so weird
and even cuts off a dove's head and
plays around with it as a toy
someday charlie follows an odd beam of
glowing light
and comes into the treehouse but after
walking out of the treehouse
she wears an empty look holding the
dove's head one evening annie tells her
husband
she's going to a movie but actually
attends a grief support gathering
at which people release their grief and
counsel one another
time flies by it seems the family
returns to normal
one day peter asks if he can drive his
mother's car to attend a classmate's
party
busy sculpting miniature dioramas in her
workshop annie's then asks peter to
invite his sister to go with him
so peter reluctantly takes his sister
and drives to the party
at the party peter blows off his shitty
sister and smokes marijuana with his
friends
the introvert charlie is left alone and
takes some cake
but ends up being allergic to some nut
contained causing her to suffocate
charlie manages to approach her brother
for help peter carries her to the car
and rushes her to the hospital on the
way in an effort to breathe better
charlie sticks her head out of the
window but right at that time
peter swears to avoid a deer lying on
the road and the car hits a utility pole
violently
when he slams on the brakes shocked at
what he has done
peter tries several times but still
dares not see from the rear view what
happened to his sister
and he drives home in a calm days the
next day
charlie's head is found on the road
crawling with ants
annie kneels on the floor and whales
grief seizes the family again
because of charlie's tragic death
feeling guilty
peter can't forgive himself for his
sister's death
when any feels better she tells her
husband she's going to see a movie
actually she drives to the grief support
gathering again
but decides to turn around upon arrival
before she can leave a fellow group
member seemingly a warm-hearted woman
spots annie and stops her to talk she
asked how annie has been doing since her
mother's death
hearing annie sobbing on the loss of her
daughter warmhearted invites annie for a
drink
when annie refuses her warm hearted
confines in annie
about the loss of her son and grandson
who were drowned four months ago
annie soon feels closer because of
similar misery
warmhearted writes annie her address and
says she will always be available
when annie feels sad and lonely annie
cannot focus on her sculpting
because of the incidents so she follows
the address
and pays a visit to warm-hearted when
annie comes in
she notices that the pattern of the
doormat is the same as her mother's
favorite
she feels genial and confides in
warm-hearted telling her she is often
sleepwalked
and once when sleepwalking she lit a
match trying to set fire to her son's
bed
peter woke up and thought she was going
to kill him
and the incident estranged her son from
her since then
they have often quarreled because of
trifles
a few days later annie bumps into
warm-hearted at a store
warm-hearted looks excited and says she
has got through it completely
she explains to annie that a psychic has
taught her how to communicate with her
late grandson
annie is suspicious of psychics but
warm-hearted persuades annie to her home
to witness how it works so annie comes
to her house
warm-hearted conjures her late grandson
seeing the decreased moving the cup and
writing on the toy blackboard
annie cannot believe her eyes
warmhearted then teaches annie how to
conduct conjure
and gives her a copy of the cryptic
incantation that is written in an
unknown language
and tells her to recite the cryptic
incantation just according to the
syllables
and that her entire family her son peter
in particular must stay around when
summoning
annie does not summon the dead when she
returns home as she never believed in
psychics before
but she tosses and turns and cannot
sleep so she decides to give it a try
in the hope of her late daughter showing
up she wakes her husband and her son up
from their sound sleep
and the family stand hand in hand to
conjure charlie though the husband does
not believe at all
he could see his late daughter
everyone's heart beats fast when the cup
on the table moves
annie picks up charlie's old sketchbook
and asks the dead to draw something
peter is so scared that he almost
suffocates so the husband asks her to
stop
as they argue whether to continue the
seance or not the candle flame suddenly
shots high
and he closes her eyes lowers her head
and makes gruesome roars
when she opens her eyes she speaks in a
little girl's voice
seemingly possessed by her late daughter
the husband snaps annie out of her
trance
by dousing her with water and he is
completely unaware of what happened
and peter is frightened and cries after
the seance
peter becomes absent-minded during
school
peter sees the same odd glowing light
that charlie previously saw
following the light he goes out of the
classroom
peter has a nightmare that someone is
madly plucking his hair he wakes up in
fright
but only sees his mother standing in
front of his bed
this makes peter even more sure that his
mother is going to attack him
annie is unable to explain her sleepwalk
and the estrangement gets worse
the husband calls annie and blames her
on the phone
and he becomes angry and destroys all
the dioramas she has made for months
and the couple become cold to each other
in late charlie's old sketchbook
there is a drawing of peter's face on
each page with a cross on each eye
sensing that it must do her son bad
annie throws the sketchbook into the
fireplace
as the sketchbook burns annie's arm
mirrors and catches fire
no matter how she tries she cannot put
out the fire on her
arm annie has to rescue the book and the
fire on her arm dies
the moment the sketchbook is saved from
the fire it seems annie's life is
connected to the sketchbook
so she gives up destroying it annie
returns to warm-hearted for help
she knocks at the door but no one
replies
inside the house an altar has been set
up
from a photo of peter she suddenly
realizes that the sacrifice is nobody
else
but her son especially when recalling
the extraordinary enthusiasm of
warm-hearted
and the pattern of the doorman annie
hurries back home
and rummages through her late mother's
remains she reads her mother's diary
and is terrified to learn that the
ritual she conducted did not conjure her
late daughter
but invoked pieman king of the hell
instead
annie also finds photos of her mother
with warm-hearted
revealing that warm-hearted and annie's
mother knew each other very well
more photos tell annie that they were in
the same coven and her mother was the
chief addressed as their queen
later annie smells the stink and goes up
to the attic
where she discovers the headless corpse
of her late mother
on the other side peter is possessed in
class suffocating
he trembles with his face twisting and
he falls onto the desk
breaking his nose and he snaps out of
the trance with cries of terror and pain
when the husband brings peter home annie
tells the husband in a trembling voice
about the headless corpse so he comes up
to the attic
and runs down with a screen and he stops
his efforts to call the police
telling him the family are cursed by the
coven and begs the husband to burn
charlie's old sketchbook to save peter
regardless of her connection to it as
she is willing to die for her beloved
son
the husband hesitates thinking his wife
is mentally sick
so any throws the sketchbook into the
fire by herself even though she presumes
doing so she will burn to death instead
it is the husband who is spontaneously
on fire
and he watches him die transfixed with
shock
peter wakes up and finds his father's
charred corpse his mother attached to
the ceiling like a spider
and what the baby hell a hormone greasy
guy standing by the door
shamelessly naked without wearing any h
bag
i'd better call the police to issue the
guy a ticket for nudity violation
while filming annie jumps down from the
ceiling
and chases peter madley peter runs to
the attic
and takes away the ladder but when he
looks up he sees his mother hanged in
the ceiling
and she is sawing her neck off peter
jumps out of the window in great horror
his head hits the ground which knocks
him out
he rises when the outglowing light
hovers around him
wandering like a ghost peter follows his
mother's floating headless corpse into
the tree house
where a special ritual is performing
several headless corpses kneel down
behind them are an assembly of naked
devil worshipers
peter's grandmother's photo is hanging
on the wall she
is their queen they are the coven who
worship pymon
the king of hell peter is crowned by
them
it's shown that at first time was
attached to the daughter charlie
but pieman is in favor of robust mail
due to its hormone
fetish that is why the coven replacer
with peter
then the worshipers all hail for their
revived king
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out